---
layout: post
title: Week2
---

#### OOP and Collatz
1.What did you do this past week?

This past week I have done a lot of debugging for the Collatz Project. Much of the time spent was debugging for Sphere to accept. I also did the reading from the textbook for oop. The book makes some sense as a whole but many of the concepts it tries to explain are very abstracted out. Other than going to class, life is done doing homework and reading. Going over the prime number code and analyzing it as a class activity was incredibly helpful for me.

2.What's in your way?

The greatest obstacle this past week has been Sphere online which has sourced much fustration for me. I did finally figure out what the malformed input Sphere inputted in and got my solution accepted. Luckily Sphere is extra credit. Other than that, mainly understanding the textbook has been a little difficult. I feel the textbook explains this in a very roundabout way.I need extra time to parse the text as a whole in order to comprehend what it is getting at. The quizzes also still terrify me. I did not do so hot on the last quiz. I felt there was a lot of material in the text and only so many questions on the quiz.

3.What will you do next week?

Next week I will finish up the project with the commenting and uploading my acceptance tests. I will also put more time into comprehending the oop textbook concepts. I would also like to start a personal project if time allows using Maven for the build, along with Travis and JUnit after seeing the workflow of Project 1. 

**My Overall Impression:** The overall outlook of the class still looks great so far.

**Tip of the Week:** A lot of companies use Java and use different build tools. I thought this article was helpful in distinguishing the difference in build tools for Java projects.
<http://technologyconversations.com/2014/06/18/build-tools/>
