---
layout: post
title: Week8
---

#### Project Allocator
1.What did you do this past week?
I worked on the allocation project with my partner. We spent time toe pseudo code things out first, and found that the time to actually writing the code was much faster after that. There was some debugging required for the logic errors, but it was far less fustrating. This past week was also winding down from all the midterms.

2.What's in your way?
There is nothing too particular of an obstacle now. While the book is still a little confusing, I have been watching webinars relating to application architecture and microservices. And these webinars talk alot of about some of the concepts in the book which makes it more applicable. So I think I am starting understand the larger picture now.

3.What will you do next week?
Finish up the Allocator project is top priority, otherwise there is really nothing much. I might try to learn unit testing for python and java. I will also watch more webinars to try and find more related material back towards the concepts we have been learning.

This allocator project seems to be more clear and straight forward than the previous two projects. I am not sure if there is some sort of catch that my partner and I are missing. I am starting to see the value of some of the more software development concepts within the C++ papers and book.
The talk that we had recently with the rackspace engineer was very useful. Although I think that contributing towards open source projects does lean a little towards making github your resume kind of thing, I think if you really like the project then its great. However I also feel there is a huge hurdle if you are a first time contributing to an opensource project because you really don't know if what you are doing is adequate and where do you even start?
In addition the rackspace engineer talked about freelance work. I am kind of mixed on this because I find it hard to keep up with all the evolving technologies and feel that employers looks for your skills as being super indepth at knowing certain technologies but if they are evolving so fast then it wouldn't make sense to spend a lot of time learning indepth on certain select techs.

**Tip of the Week:** We have talked about microservices architecture that is up and coming, then there is the old monolithic 3-tier architecture, but now there is also this hybrid 4 tier architecture.
<https://www.nginx.com/blog/time-to-move-to-a-four-tier-application-architecture/>

Webinar on microservices in the web vs. 3-tier architecture (kind of long, 1 hour ish)
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbi0JVDqfIw>
