---
layout: post
title: Week10
---

#### Project Darwin continued
1.What did you do this past week?
This past week was spent working on the Darwin project. There was a lot of design considerations involved in what would be the best oop solution to it. I think it turned out fairly well, though there was a lot of thinking concerning how the classes interacted with each other. Hammering out the test cases seems to be the most time consuming thing done so far. I also tried out some code examples for how objects contstruct and destory in relation to inheritance.
2.What's in your way?
I am not really understanding the uses of multiple inheritance and it just seems really confusing. For Darwin the biggest thing was splitting what did what and i found this quite difficult to actually determine and plan out.
3.What will you do next week?
Finish up the Darwin project. There are lots and lots of test cases and possibilities. Even more possibilities than previous projects that need to be tested for. I also have ot start preparing for the test in this class as well as other classes. Consideration also has to be given into trying for making the best species, although rover seems to dominate the board pretty well.

The guest speakers were fairly helpful in providing a look into how actual development teams work together. Although for me, such short sprints seems just a little stressful. It looks like every team has their own different software development methods and workflow.

**Tip of the Week:** Microservices take requests and it seems Nginx and elastic search are always present together in microservice deployment.
<https://www.nginx.com/blog/nginx-elasticsearch-better-together/>
