---
layout: post
title: Week11
---

#### Vectors
1.What did you do this past week?
This past week was spent finishing up the Darwin project. There was a lot of test cases to write and lots of debugging to make sure everything worked together. We had a few bug problems that were subtle but we managed to step through it all and finish up the project. Writing the Best creature was a little hard though. Also this past week I went over Vectors and their implementation, trying things out with the constructors and sequence of how things are called. 
2.What's in your way?
I am a little confused on the whole implementing vector thing. It seems like we are going through multiple iterations of making vector. But even then i am not to sure about that. I think I am not grasping what we are doing in class well enough in terms of what is the right way of implementing vector. I also got wrecked on the quizzes. I was hoping I could see the recent quizz answers we have done so far, but that doesnt seem to be available at this time.
3.What will you do next week?
Get started on the Life project. Mainly working on the life project since a lot of projects and exams will be coming up in the coming weeks. I need t oalso start studying for the OOP test, since it seems we have covered quite a bit of material. 

Overall it seems like everything is winding down and coming to a close. I still a little fuzzy on the vector in conjunction with user defined objects. But I still feel I learned a lot about the subtley in OOP programming in C++
**Tip of the Week:** 
<http://adriansampson.net/blog/llvm.html>
