---
layout: post
title: Week9
---

#### Project Darwin
1.What did you do this past week?
This pst week was spent finishing up the Allocator project. It was pretty open ended with the testing as there was lots of parameters to test. Spring Break was great and relaxing, along with this project which did not take all too long to finish. The reading from the oop book has become more elevant and conrete. Skimming over the C++ papers we had to read again and it all makes a lot more sense now.
2.What's in your way?
There doesn't seem to be anything to big as an obstacle right now. Just keeping up with all of the material and retaining it is the main focus currently. There was a litle confusion on some of the nuances of the class construction though.
3.What will you do next week?
Starting the Darwin project is a top priority. I already found a partner so that was great. Careful planning and writing tests will occupy this week, as well as reading the oop book. I also plan on studying the code slides more thoroughly as there seems to be lots of subtle things involved with classes and class construction.

Overall the class seems to pick out the essentials from the oop textbook through the code slides and the reading papers. I think it just takes some time for things to absorb into the mind and gaining more experience. It is hard to practically apply all the concepts at once, but I think over time a firmer grasp is obtained as thigns start to fall into place.
The code slides recently seem less tricky except for the whole slicing and memory code things. I would like to see more speakers that coudl talk about maybe the different areas in the job market, because there just seems to be alot of different job oppurtunities for computer science.

**Tip of the Week:** We have talked about microservices architecture that is up and coming, then there is the old monolithic 3-tier architecture, but now there is also this hybrid 4 tier architecture.
<https://www.nginx.com/blog/time-to-move-to-a-four-tier-application-architecture/>

I always think learning about IT architecture is useful.
<http://www.schabell.org/2016/02/appdev-cloud-stack-cant-ignore-stack-anymore.html>
