---
layout: post
title: Week5
---

#### OOP and Voting and other things
1. What did you do this past week?
Most of the time was spent on wrapping up the voting project and making sure everything was up to spec. There was a lot of testing involved because of the numerous possible cases and corner cases. I also did the book readings, and reviewed the previous chapters. I also stared at the code slides and tried some out, but I don't think that increased my understanding too well, I might try to do a write down line by line walkthrough next time to see if that helps me more.

2. What is in your way?
I still keep on missing the obvious in the quizzes and can't seem to break out of this streak. There is a lot of material and and subtelties that I keep on overlooking which is not good. But in coding it is imperative to be detail oriented.I think I just need to read more code.

3. What will you do next week?
Study study and more study for the upcoming test and take more notes on the oop book. The book just has a lot of material in it. I also need to practice implementing algorithms and methods using iterators.

We have covered a lot of stuff and I really think I am missing something but I am not quite sure what. The quizzes still stress me out because any measure of grades will do it for me. Overall the book makes some sense but not too much, it is just important to remember the principles and bullet point looking concepts. Mostly because I feel there is a lot of other confusing things in the book. But my overall impression of the class is still great, I will see at the end of the semester if that changes. 

**Tip of the Week:**  I think microservices are cool
<https://spring.io/blog/2015/07/14/microservices-with-spring>
