---
layout: post
title: Week3
---

#### OOP and More Collatz
1.What did you do this past week?

This past week I finished up the Collatz project and caught up on the oop textbook. There was a lot of checking and rechecking on the project1 to make sure everything was to spec. The exercises we do in class prove to be quite helpful with understanding the subetly behind a lot of the mechanics. The mechanics that we really don't think about and think is common sense but we really just don't take notice of. I learned that writing test cases can seem simple but actually requires quite a bit of thought and foresight. Reading the textbook, I feel like it has some great ideas in it, but still hard to digest.

2.What's in your way?

The quizzes are still pulling me down quite a bit. I study and try to understand all of the things we talk in class but cannot seem to apply them very well like when I look at a block of code. Perhaps I need to read more and more different kinds of code more often. The textbook concepts still feel very abstract and not as applicable to what we are doing in class. There are parts that do synch up but I would like to see more direct correlation in class. 

3.What will you do next week?

Next week I plan to get started on the next project and get steady work done. I also plan to read the textbook again and will likely write down the areas I feel are rather vague and inquire about them. I think I have to take more time to look at the Google docs and code examples to try to find out why I can't seem to apply the basics. 

**Tip of the Week:** A lot of companies include code analysis tools into their development workflow. I thought this article was helpful in understanding the many different features code analysis tools have.
<https://www.checkmarx.com/2014/11/13/the-ultimate-list-of-open-source-static-code-analysis-security-tools/>
