---
layout: post
title: Week5
---

#### OOP and Voting and other things
1. What did you do this past week?
Last week I started spending more to studying for the upcoming test. I went over the book again and wrote down the important looking concepts. Most of the time was spent going the through and revieing the concepts in the book. To back these ideas up, I googled for concrete examples to things like subclassing for construction and private inheritance. Going over the code samples slide was a little tedious as well.
2. What is in your way?
I think I am getting better in the quizzes now. I feel that not haveing much experience in implementing the concepts in the book are a big obstacle. There are a lot of subtle things that need to be accounted for in detail and I feel that I lack the practical experience to identify those things. I think I spend a lot more time looking through the textbook than actually coding it out.
3. What will you do next week?
Study even more and do even more examples is on the list. I also have to make the exam reference sheet. Since the test is going to be mostly coding, I will devote most of the time to securing a stronger base in coding C++. Especially focusing on classes, inheritance, iterators and the iterator functions.

Overall the class has proven to be useful. The presentation by Mutual Mobile was interesting, though I think he could have used more pictures. It can be a little hard to keep up with the code slides at time but that is just a matter of looking at it more often. The exam makes me nervous but you never know until you get there. This class is sufficiently challenging.
**Tip of the Week:**  A Podcast on CI
<http://pythontesting.net/podcast/travis-ci-josh-kalderimis/#?1#?1#WebrootPlugIn#?1#?1#PhreshPhish#?1#?1#agtpwd>
