
---
layout: post
title: Week7
---

#### Post Exam and Other things
1. What did you do this past week?
Last week was all about studying for the exam and making the study guide. Also time was spent going through the code examples and trying out coding things. Reviewing the book took a lot of time up. The code examples did help with understanding, and going over the past quizzes I found was helpful in clarifying some of the more subtle points.
2. What is in your way?
I felt that there were alot of book concepts and a lot of subtely within most of them. This made it harder to study for the exam in not knowing the depth to which topics like classes should be studied and thus makes it harder to allocate time. Being that there is a lot of nuances involved, I think that the main obstacle is getting everything straight and in well defined lines.
3. What will you do next week?
Start project 3 is the main topic for the coming weeks. It looks more involved and complicated than the last projects and has me a bit worried just looking at the specs. I will likely read more articles on heap to get a better picture for the methods. I would have liked there to be more specific specs for the project because it all seems rather vague. I will also be shifting time allocation to study for other classes.

The test seemed fair for the most part. I felt a little shakey on the more conceptual questions because I focused more on the details and nuances of the concepts and only gave cursory glances towards the larger concepts. There was a lot of material covered in the book and I was not able to retain all of it. The coding portion of the questions was fair given of what as hinted at during class. The only thing that I disliked was the interdependency of the last two questions but as afore stated, it was expected due to the hints in class. Overall I think I did average, I don't really have great expectations for the results because I wasn't all oto sure what to expect on the test. But now I have an idea of what to expect on the next test and will provide adequate counter measures.

**Tip of the Week:**  An interesting short discussion on C++
<http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/5313>
