---
layout: post
title: Week4
---

#### OOP and Voting
1. What did you do this past week?
This past week was spent mostly doing the voting project. Working with a partner is an intresting experience. We did 2 iterations of the voting project and finally finished after much bug tribulations. The quizzes have been less stressful as of late. The presentation this week from Main Street on the Hub was very cool. It was great to catch a glimpse of what it really is like in industry. The tools they use do not seem that much different from the ones we use in class except for things like cloud deployment and the paid versions. 

2. What is in your way?
Hopefully the quizzes will be less stressful, the quizzes are the main things in my way. Also it is a little bit hard to apply the book concepts to in real life coding for me. The connection just doesn't seem to be there. Although there were some things in the book concerning c++ that were very helpful for this voting project.

3. What will you do next week?
Wrap up the finishing items on the project spec sheet for the voting project is the main thing. I also need to catch up on the book readings. I plan to review more thoroughly the code slides as well. I also want to get around to reading more on the microservices architecture and if there are alternatives to docker that specialize in that area.

**Tip of the Week:**  In our oop book it talks about RDD, responsibility driven design so I thought this website kinda bridged it towards actual code and testing.
<https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/setting-up-a-bdd-stack-on-a-django-application>
