---
layout: post
title: Week13
---

#### Life, oh Life
1.What did you do this past week?
Debugging life was pretty time consuming. Just getting everything to work together was also pretty hard for Life. We had a lot of problems with the handle class and spent a lot of time on that portion. In addition writing the unit tests was also a main focus of this week. We also had to fix the portion of our handle class pertaining to what was gone over in class on the same day.
2.What's in your way?
The handle class part was a bit hard to figure out. My group did not expect that we would need all of those components in it, and managed to work around that. It would have been better if there was more direction so we not beso stressed about getting that part correct.
3.What will you do next week?
Read, read, and more reading. Reviewing the book and the code examples to prepare for the coming test. I feel there is a lot of information in the book and i did not do so well on that part in the last test because I could not recall the finer details due to so much information already. Taking notes on the book is really tedious, which doesnt help. Other than that, things are ramping up for other classes, so I need to plan time accordingly with the lull in the storm.
It would be cool if I could apply genetic algorithms to Conway's game of Life. It would be even better if one coud turn Conway's game of Life into a microservice for some random reason.
**Tip of the Week:** Thought this was pretty helpful.
<http://blog.apcelent.com/how-to-setup-microservices-python-zeromq-docker-example.html>
