---
layout: post
title: Week1
---

#### A Great Start and Some Challenges
1. This first week in OOP felt like it was a great start. There was a heavy load of information that was thrown out all at once during lecture. Most of this information pertains to the work flow of the projects. This includes using various new tools that I have never encountered before such as Travis CIand Google Test. A great part of the week was spent simply trying to absorb all the information and then diving right in to try and setup these tools. It is however extremely exciting knowing that at the end of the course, I would have a greater clarity on how projects are setup, tested and maintained using various opensource tools. I would consider learning the tidbits of C++ insight during lecture this past week an extra plus ontop of all of this. 
2. A medium sized obstacle in the class is learning how all of the testing and build tools interact with another and how to do the initial setup of the tools. I have never done unit testing and it is a very unfamiliar concept. However it  feels great that I have something to research into and I can't wait to try and apply CI and unit testing in my own projects. Quizzes always stress me out, and it seems like there will be a lot of quizzes. But the silver lining is that it will likely help with memory retention.

#### TodoList
3. There really is a whole lot of things to do in the future. The main priority is to delve further into the project1 in order to familiarize myself with all of the fancy shiny new tools and concepts to developing software. It is a little tedious at first but it seems like it is slowly falling into place and clicking together. I also intend to brush up on more C++ along the way.

**Tip of the Week:** I am a fan of using Heroku and I think it is a great tool for deploying web app into production.

https://www.heroku.com/
