---
layout: post
title: WeekFour
---

#### Netflix was pretty fun

1. **What did you do this past week?**
This past week I worked with my partner on the Netflix Project. I read up on some concepts about recommendation systems as well which was interesting. Also this past week I extensively reviewed the code slides because all of nuances were a bit confusing. My project team also tried out the Kanban board on github for this project, to kind of plan out and record the different statistical techniques we tried for predicting.

2. **What's in your way?**
The caching was a bit troublesome to figure out, especially when verifying other people's caches, so this put more of a time obstacle in the way. I am not too familiar with statistics so getting started with just how to predict was a bit daunting at first, however the python notebook posted by Jared was quite helpful in pointing to the right direction.

3. **What will you do next week?**
Next week will be about cleaning up the Netflix project code and wrapping all of the workflow ends up on it. As always I will be reviewing the code slides more. I also plan on reading up on more literature concerning predictive analytics and recommender systems.

4. **What's my experience of the class?**
I feel that the class is gearing more towards applying now, which is something that I like. The Netflix project was pretty fun with the data analysis and prediction engine aspects. It is something that I haven't done too much of before so I felt it was a good experience. I think the cache part could have been better if people could post their caching computation in the Ipython notebook for everyone else to see, therefore it would be more transparent on how the cache data came about. Overall I think this class is great.

5. **What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
**Tip of the Week:** A blog article on link prediction. The presentation is really well done.
<http://be.amazd.com/link-prediction/>
