---
layout: post
title: WeekTen
---

1. **What did you do this past week?**
This past week I worked on the group project mainly. A lot of the time was spent plannign out the implementation details and how everything would connect together smoothly. I also attended the Atlassian talk. The talk had a great tie into the book we read when it touched on the spike solution. Learning about the architecture that Atlassian implemented and how easily it was changed was really interesting. The other technical aspects such as how the hipchat status worked, really showed how much work is put behind something so simple.

2. **What's in your way?**
Effective coordination among team members is still quite a challenge, its been hard getting everyone together to integrate everything. The quizzes still nail me badly sometimes, but afterwards it all seems so clear and obvious of the answer.

3. **What will you do next week?**
Next week will be an attempt to fully integrate all of the different parts of our application together, which I think will be quite difficult. Also there will be more touch ups to the frontend on my part and maybe refactor certain portions of the frontend code. Many many more group meetings is needed, slack chat is good at communicating but not as good as in person meetings.

4. **What's my experience of the class?**
The introduction to web technologies has been a good crash course into how web applications are architectured, especially on how SQL data makes its way into the front end. Its been a challenge learning a new front end framework, but I think this class experience emulates an internship or such that usually just throws you into the work.  

5. **What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
**Tip of the Week:** Life skills in real life
<https://medium.com/the-mission/15-essential-skills-they-dont-teach-you-in-college-bd44bffa5311>
