---
layout: post
title: WeekSix
---

1. **What did you do this past week?**
This past week was spent studying for midterms in other classes as well as doing the assigned readings for this class. Going over the code slides and class notes was also done. I tried a few exampels out in an Ipython notebook to try out other possibilities not shown in the slides. My group for project#3 did some rough brainstorming about different APIs that looked interesting as well after we setup slack.

2. **What's in your way?**
Somehow I always manage to miss the overall big picture of the code slides, and focus way too much on the syntax and what-if possibilities which results in an obstacle since it leads me to not do so well on the quizzes. I think I need to go over more of the overarching concepts.

3. **What will you do next week?**
Next week will be studying for the exam. I am nervous for the exam, since I haven't been doing so well on the quizzes. I will go over the notes I have taken in class, all of the functions discussed and the code slides. I think my main focus will be on iterators, since that is a big theme. I will also briefly go over the readings but not as much as the code.

4. **What's my experience of the class?**
So far the class has been informative on python, and the experience has been overall pretty ok. It remains to be seen how the class experience will be when Exam 1 is upon me, and how the whole group work will go. Group sizes of 6 make me a bit nervous as it gets pretty hard to coordinate with that many people, and the class experience may or may not be affected by how cohesive the group is.

5. **What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
**Tip of the Week:** Talked to some industry consultants and apparently the ELK stack is one of the new big stack things for log analysis.
<http://logz.io/learn/complete-guide-elk-stack/#ALogstashTutorial>
