---
layout: post
title: WeekNine
---

1. **What did you do this past week?**
This past week had the majority of the time taken up finishing up the phase I of the project. Within that time, a good portion was spent setting up the intial infastructure of the project and how React would play into our application. My group did have a bit of a rush, as it was a bit hard to coordinate functions. I spent most of the time setting up the base routing and configuration components of the project. Learning React was interesting and I found it much better than angular 1.x

2. **What's in your way?**
Coordinating with teammates on who is going to do what and the estimation of time when something will be done has been a challenge and still is.

3. **What will you do next week?**
Our group slacked off a bit since it was Spring Break, so this time we will coordinate much earlier and better. We plan on getting the next phases things done in a more organized fashion, and with greater speed. I wil be learning more about React as well, since I am still very new to it.

4. **What's my experience of the class?**
I did like learning about some of the nuances of python in class. Overall the goal of a full stack web application is a good experience, especially the teamwork involved. Getting a crash course in SQL and how to write it in python is a good exercise, just I am not too thrilled about it, since basic SQL isn't too helpful. I would be much more interested in ways to structure and design a better full stack application.

5. **What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
**Tip of the Week:** Some neat CSS tricks involved.
<https://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/08/09/building-a-circular-navigation-with-css-transforms/>
