---
layout: post
title: WeekFive
---

1. **What did you do this past week?**
This past week was spent wrapping up the Netflix project with my partner. We checked and verified many times that all the requirements were met and we finished up our unit testing and commenting of the functions. Also this past week I went through the code slides to try and sort out the different possibilites of what can and cannot be done with lambdas and list comprehension.

2. **What's in your way?**
The obstacle of understanding the UML book I feel would make more sense in practice, though it does give examples, it is always better to do things in a project so that everything connects more. Quizzes have been a slight obstacle, I haven't been doing as well as I would have liked on the quizzes, but I will try to even more closely examine the slides and notes. I agree that the time given on the quizzes is reasonable, I just don't do so well on timed assesments. 

3. **What will you do next week?**
Next week will be all about preparing for the midterm and making the notes sheet. I will be going through all of the slides again and noting down the various nuances and concepts that pop up, since the details always evade me. I also will be looking over the readings again for the main points and looking through past quizzes.

4. **What's my experience of the class?**
I feel that the class is gearing a little more to the mechanics of Python rather than the why of certain concepts. It is hard to fit content is such as short time slot, so I still feel like I am learning quite a bit. The projects have been somewhat interesting, so I look forward to working in a larger group.

5. **What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
**Tip of the Week:** Overstocks possible application of bitcoin looks like a massive software engineering undertaking.
<https://www.wired.com/2014/07/overstock-and-cryptocurrency/>
