---
layout: post
title: WeekTwo
---

#### Collatz Optimization

1. This past week was spent working on the Collatz project and getting all the test cases to pass on hackerrank. It was an enjoyable and at times fustrating problem because of the rigorous test cases. I had to rack my brain quite a bit over finding the right optimizations, more so than I needed to debug any logical problems. It is always a great moment when all of the test cases passes after the initial attempts did not. Setting up docker and figuring out that I needed to also path the right folder to my local ssh key folder to be able to push to github also took a little time. I also did the reading for the Extreme Programming book this past week and felt that what was described made sense but would be harder to actually implement. Since even something being common sense, does not actually mean one would attempt to do so. 

2. The Javascript book is fairly accessible and short chapter wise while the Extreme Programming book is more comprehensive and a bit harder to retain in memory. So I feel that it is a minor obstacle, especially when it comes to quizzes and the exam, since we don't really directly talk about the points of the book in class.

3. Next week is for finishing up the Collatz project, with acceptance testing and making sure all of the items are there. Also doing the Academic integrity quiz is on the todo list. I also would have liked to start doing a personal project, but other classes have been bogging down my time. I hope since I wrote that down I would actually start the personal project now.

4. Learning about the nuances of Python and how it compares to Java during lecture, I feel has been very helpful. Many of the times, it is hard to envision and capture all the implications of a piece of code due to having so many nuances. I can seen some matching between the workflow portion and the Extreme Programming, but since we have not really worked in any large teams, I don't think it will all connect until then.

5. **Tip of the Week:** An article on [GC in python] (https://engineering.instagram.com/dismissing-python-garbage-collection-at-instagram-4dca40b29172#.krwu65iqs)
