---
layout: post
title: WeekOne
---

#### Interesting Start
1. This first week I tried to review the basics of python. I am used to using python 2.7 so I was trying to review and see what was new in python 3.5. Some of the intricacies of python were revealed in class and it really made me think that there are likely a lot of subtle tricks and oneliners in python.  Also this past week was spent doing some of the book readings. The use of docker in class was something that I found very interesting, especially with a relation to devops and the cloud.
2. The really only obstacle in my way is learning all of the new tools that were introduced. While I enjoy learning new technology stacks, I feel like that you have to do multiple iterations on such projects to really iron out the kinks and disorganization that come with learning on the fly. However if we work in groups, it may or may not increase the size of this obstacle since coordination becomes a littleh harder but has an upside of combined brain power. Quizzes will always be an obstacle for me. As I just get nervous about testing in general. 

#### Next Week
3. The main priority next week is to review all of the readings. There is a fair bit of reading, so it has to be taken in piecemeal. I will also start on the new project when it comes out next week and again become more familiar with python syntax. 
4. So far my experience of the class is positive. I really feel like I will take something away from here that I can use in the real world. I am interested to see how all of the tools work together in an ecosystem that will likely be something similar to what happens in corporate IT. I am excited about learning new frameworks, however I just wonder how we can fit all that into such a short period of time.

5. **Tip of the Week:** I thought that with the rise of the cloud and containers, that using Mesos with Docker was a really cool thing. This is because Mesos comes with a lot of cloud features that make deploying and monitoring containers easy. With an added auto scaling.

https://mesosphere.com/blog/2013/09/26/docker-on-mesos/
